Dante Piedalue 
Homework 3
Questions 1 - 5

1. Javascript is an interpreted language in that each line of code is read and performed line by line. Compiled languages are rewritten into a format 
    that a computer can process easier, giving more access to the computers hardware and fast performance times. Javascript is typically used for front-end 
    dynamic websites, but can also be used to perform backend functions. 

2. Dynamically typed languages means that data types are determined at runtime, while statically typed requires the program to know the datatype before 
    being compiled. Javascript is a dynamically typed language, so far as you can declare a variable and fill it with any type. C++ is the opposite, where 
    you must manage data types very strictly.

    This also plays in with Strongly and Weakly typed languages. C++ is strongly typed, in that the data manipulation and storage has to be very specific. 
    Javascript is weakly typed, meaning in some cases it will handle type conversions and memory allocation automatically. This allows for a bit more 
    flexibility for the programmer. 

3. All three of these are for declaring variables. 

    Var -> the outdated way to declare variables. From what I understand, the issue with Var is linked to scope, and they can be changed too easily. 

    Let -> the more recent technique, which allows you to strictly limit the scope of the variable. Note, let variables can be updated, but not re-declared. 

    Const -> this is used to ensure that a variable won't change. It cannot be redeclared or changed, unless the const is an array or string, in which case they can be updated. 

4. Anonymous Functions -> These are functions that are used without a name. Typically, they are used only once in a specific calculation for a block 
    of code. In question #10 I use an anonymous function to create the cats.name + message. 

    Higher-Order Functions -> These are functions that can use other functions as a parameter. So if a function needs information from another function, it can just call that function. 

    Callback Functions -> These are the functions that are actually called inside higher-order functions. 

    First Class Functions -> Are functions that have been assigned as a variable, and can be used as such. In this case, you can use the variable name anywhere you would use the function. 

5. Objects are a type of data structure that allow us to create templates for common instances. I really like the example the book uses, where they have a Hotel Object. 
    There are many instances of hotels in the world, so each hotel object has a variable for name, available rooms, price points, etc… Each object can be 
    different, but they are still all hotels! 

    Objects are more specifically just a collection of key value pairs, as where a single variable is just one key and one paired piece of data. 


