1. DOM -> Document Object Model
    The DOM tree is a model of the page created by the browser. Each aspect of the webpage 
    is turned into an object, represented by an individual node. By seperating the page into
    different object, we are able to access and control/update differnt parts of the webpage 
    without reloading the whole page. 

2. XXS Attac -> Cross-site Scripting
    XXS attacks are when bad actors put scripts into a webpage that can allow the hacker 
    access to personal information about the user. XXS attacks can lead to access of the entire DOM, 
    the websites cookies, and session tokens. From what I understand, it happens when there are 
    oportunities for the user to send data to the server. 

    To prevent attacks, we can create validation systems for user input, making sure they only
    are able to use specific characters or lengths. Further, we can be cautious about where data is 
    sent on the server side, ensuring that when that input is recieved it doesnt give access to other 
    information. Another tool we have i sencodeURICompnent(), which encodes specific characters. 

3. An event is an action made by the user that is recognized by the browser, and can then be linked 
    to other actions written in JavaScript. We use event listeners to notify the browser that we are 
    looking for a user interaction to trigger and event. 

4. A DOM event listener allows us to notify the browser that we are looking for a user interaction that will trigger
    something on the backend. This allows us to update/ edit specific sections of the page based on the users 
    interaction with it. For parameters, we first must give it the type of event it's listening for, like a click, hover, submit, etc...
    We can also list a function as a parameter, indicating that the function needs to be run when the event
    is triggered. 

5. JQuery is a JavaScript Library that allows us to use more intuitive code to perform desired actions. It's supposed to be simpler
    than plain JavaScript, but I dont truly understand it yet to be honest. From what I understand it allows us to use elements and names
    that are more closely linked to HTML and CSS, making the selection and updating process easier to follow. 

    To load it into a page you can use a CDN link or download the files to your webpage folder. CDN seems
    to be the most common, and easiest, method. One catch though, is we have to be sure Jquery is loaded prior to
    any scripts being run. 

    Also, upon further reading I see that JQuery also helps mitigate cross-browser compatibility to ensure sites run somoothly 
    no matter where they are accessed from. 